# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 22ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 26ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 31ms
  [gap of 15ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 46ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 29ms]
    create-X86_64-model 17ms
    [gap of 21ms]
    create-X86-model 13ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 89ms
  [gap of 76ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 165ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 45ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 53ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 24ms]
    create-variant-model 20ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 60ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 65ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-X86-model 27ms
    [gap of 23ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 69ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 75ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 44ms
  [gap of 14ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 58ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 21ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 32ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-X86-model 32ms
    [gap of 14ms]
    create-variant-model 45ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-X86_64-model 32ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 160ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 168ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 31ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 36ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 25ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 28ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 29ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 34ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 25ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 30ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 13ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-X86_64-model 15ms
    create-module-model 25ms
    create-variant-model 135ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 67ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-X86_64-model 81ms
    [gap of 56ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 431ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 447ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 24ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 27ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 11ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    create-variant-model 42ms
    [gap of 24ms]
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 135ms
  [gap of 39ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 174ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 27ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 31ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 22ms
  [gap of 23ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 45ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 16ms
    [gap of 26ms]
    create-X86_64-model 20ms
    [gap of 20ms]
    create-variant-model 43ms# C/C++ build system timings
    [gap of 24ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 153ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 31ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 34ms


create_cxx_tasks completed in 165ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 26ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 31ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 22ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 38ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 32ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 36ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 39ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 43ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 31ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 35ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 24ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 30ms

